Trigger contrib build (#16690)
demisto/content: Packs/DevSecOps/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### GitLab

> - Added the command **gitlab-trigger-contribution-build** to trigger a contribution build in Gitlab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***gitlab-trigger-pipeline*** command to trigger a pipeline in Gitlab.
```

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.9.25564*.

Reviewer: update to actual image
